{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18800\viewh14020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Global Maternity Leave:\
\
These graphs shows the length of maternity leave countries offer their citizens, in weeks, and how much of that leave is paid for. Most countries offer at least 3 weeks of maternity leave and the US remains one of the few countries that doesn\'92t offer paid maternity leave.\
\
\
The first graph depicts global maternity leave rates, categorizing how many weeks of leave countries offer their citizens. The options are \'93\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Less than 3 weeks\'94, \'933 - 13 weeks\'94, \'9314 - 25 weeks\'94, \'9326 - 50 weeks\'94, or \'93More than 50 weeks\'94. The majority of countries offer at least 3 weeks of maternity leave, and a good number of countries like Norway and Serbia offer more than 50 weeks of maternity leave to new mothers. There are a few countries like the Central African Republic that offer less than 3 weeks of maternity leave, as shown in red. \
This data is supplemented by the second graph, which details the maximum amount that countries will pay for the maternity leave they\'92re offering. With the notable exception of the United States, the vast majority of countries pay the full percentage of wages for their given coverage period. The United States is only joined by Eritrea, Lesotho, Papua New Guinea, Seychelles, Swaziland, TFYR of Macedonia, Australia, and the Channel Islands in not providing any pay support for new mothers during their leave.\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
The data was collected from data.un.org, from the International Statistics Division on Indicators of Men and Woman and then merged with World Income Inequality Data as well as global country coordinates from the map_data package. I tidied the data on maternity leave by eliminating columns with of just annotations, converting all data on length of leave to the same unit (days) and cleaning up the percentage of wages variable. Percentage of wages covered had to be cleaned, as some countries detailed both the initial coverage and a reduced coverage after a certain time period (i.e. 100% of wages covered in the first 3 months, then 60% of wages covered). Therefore, the graph depicts the maximum amount of wages that a country will cover, but more nuanced details are in the data guide at http://data.un.org/DocumentData.aspx?id=344.\
\
By creating discrete levels for both the length of leave and payment variables, I then mapped both of them onto the global coordinate system for the below output.\
\
\
Side Note: \
An additional graph of GDP per country is included in the R code for further exploration, but is not part of the final product.}